Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes. Oh, weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number four 22. In
this episode, Scott talks with
David Starr about applying agile
practices to manage your family
life. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes, and I'm
talking with David star formerly
of Microsoft, but now the
COO of scrum.org. So you
are an expert in scrum
aren't you I'm been doing
scrum for quite a long
time. Scott do. So does
that makes you a scrum
master? I know that people
who are listening probably have
heard of scrum master training
and things like that, are
we ever really masters of
anything? I don't know. Scrum
master is a role within
scrum and a lot of
people associate that term with
the whole idea of using
scrum. So I get it
scrum masters, that thing out
there. So when I think
of scrum originally, I thought
of, you know, a rugby
scrum, a coming together, a
planning, and then going and
then racing off. Can you
tell me where that fits
into the larger kind of
agile software methodology? Well, it's
actually a really good metaphor
for what scrum asks us
to do, which is everyone
keep their eye on the
ball if you will. And
we sort of support each
other and work together as
a group. And that's the
whole idea behind those rugby
scrums, right? We're focusing as
a team on one small
point to target all of
our energy together. And that's
sort of the metaphor idea
behind scrum, which doesn't stand
for anything. A lot of
people think it does it
doesn't. And it actually was
borrowed from that move in
rugby where everyone forms a
scrum and focuses together. So
in terms of where does
it fit within the agile
toolbox? There is the idea
of iterative incremental development practices.
Scrum is one of these
and it means that we
make progress in a series
of sprints or, you know,
we focus for a while.
Then we deliver it and
Then we deliver and we
do that on a regular
cadence. And that's a little
bit different than what you
find with alternative things like
lean Kanban systems, stuff like
that. So folks that have
been listening for the last
two minutes might think that
this is going to be
a show on scrum as
it relates to software. But
the thing that you and
I have in common is
that we've got Families with
schedules and a lot of
crazy things going on, and
we're also focused on productivity
in our personal lives. So
this is not a show
about scrum as it is
a show about agile family
practices and applying what we
learn in managing projects to
managing a family. How did
you get this idea? Well,
I don't know about your
personal life, but in mind
when I bring something home
from the office, it's very
rarely met with any sort
of enthusiasm, right? If I
were to walk into my
wife's, you know, into the
living room and say, Hey,
I got this great idea
from this management thing I
learned at work today, that's
pretty much a nonstarter for
the conversation. So that's where
I tried to bring scrum
into our home. Many years
ago, I learned this from
originally back around 2003, four
when everyone else did and
had some successes at work
and thought, you know, I
saw such amazing changes in
behavior with people I work
with based on very little
simple things that we do
that I'd like to try
some of this at home.
So I brought it home
and said, Hey, honey, what
do you think about these
ideas? And she said, don't
even try it. And instead
I tried it because as,
as I'm sure, you know,
neither one of us can
leave well enough alone, right?
Yeah. Yeah. So while she
was out one day, this
is a great story. You
should ask her sometime while,
while she was out one
day before she got home,
I had gone ahead and
taken some big drywall screws
and, and screwed a cork
boards and whiteboards into the
wall in the kitchen. And
while that may have been
a little disruptive to get
things off and running, it
worked really well over time.
And now actually, my wife's
a huge advocate of, of
some of these practices. And
I'll tell you, we, we
don't use scrum. We don't
use lean. We don't use
a Kanban or any sort
of formal thing. We just
have borrowed from all of
these practices into some things
that we do in our
home that really have made
a difference for how my
kids manage themselves and the
expectations of being a good
family member Picture here. How
old are the kids? How
big of a family is,
this is a Brady bunch
situation. It's pretty large. Yeah.
My, my wife and I've
been married for 23 years
at this point and we've
got four kids right now.
The ages are 13, 14,
15, 16. So four teenagers.
Wow. Which is, you know,
it's own barrel or kettle
of fish, if you will.
And then no barrel of
monkeys. Yeah. The barrel of
monkeys. There you go. So
when we started doing all
of this, though, the children
were much younger. This was
about 10 years. We've been
doing this. So kids at
that time, whereas young as,
you know, four or five,
and we even had some
kids that weren't reading well,
and we tried different different
techniques for different ages. And
so we've definitely evolved how
we, how we do this
family practice together over the
years and putting the kids
in charge of that evolution
has been a really big
thing. So I can tell
you, there've been some constants
over the years that we
hang our hats on is
this is what we do.
And, and, and those are
pretty simple. Every week we
have a family meeting and
we look at what we
did that we sort of
reflect on the last week.
And then we give allowance,
which is a completely unrelated
thing, but it kind of
breaks up the meeting. And
then the second or rather
the third part is we
look ahead and plan out
the next week. So life
for us because, you know,
I work a regular nine
to fiver kind of like
you and the kids go
to school. Life for us
happens in weekly increments or
weekly sprints. And so we
find that a once a
week, having that family meeting
to reflect on how things
are going and then to
plan the next week is
perfect timing for us. When,
when I think of scrum
in a company perspective, I
think about it moving a
single product forward. I feel
like people kind of go
off. They work on their
user stories. They work on
their, their features, right. Their
silos, but then they come
back and they integrate. But
with a family of teenagers,
I would think that they
would all, they would all
have different goals and there
would be no company goal.
I think you'll actually find
that condition far more often
than in development teams than
we'd like to admit that
said, sure, I agree with
you. This is not a
product where, what is the
product, I guess, is really
your question here. And the
product in our case is
the family. So we're all
part of this family. We
have that in common and
you know, the real life
that happens is a result
of how we steward that
product forward. In other words,
there are things that agile
teams do that we want
our family to do. We
want to focus more on
what's coming next, then what's
coming a long time from
now, for example, another example,
we want to focus more
on what is and use
that in our decision making
rather than what should be.
You know, these are things
that typical management techniques have
known for years. And so
we've just kind of borrowed
them. My wife and I
talk a little bit in
our relationship tips show. I
had her on Hansel minutes,
a number of times about
having a, a com a
company, a family mission statement.
We basically made it a,
a, a, a marital mission
statement. And ours was to,
to have a happy life
with no drama. And, you
know, everyone's mission statement is
going to be different. It
might be getting all the
kids through college, or it
might be, you know, retiring
quickly and traveling, is that
your product? Have you guys
got a plan like that?
Like you've got teenagers. So
it's was like, you know,
get all these kids into
school. Well, there's sort of
our sardonic way of looking
at it. One is, and
that is for my wife
and I, we want them
alive at 25. You know,
that's, that's big deal is
to make sure we have
happy, healthy, productive members of
society. And for us, while
we haven't sat down to
codify that into a mission
statement, like I know a
lot of families do, we've
talked about it, a great
deal. And what we want
is for our children to
learn how to be self
sufficient and sustaining adults and
members of society, that's our
job, right? And everything we
do is in light of
that to teach these folks
how to begin to be
people on their own and
dealing with their own lives.
Okay. So if I want
to implement agile practices or
scrum within my, my house,
what do I have to
do? There's, there's the way
of changing my brain, but
then there's also thinking about
what tools I might want
to use. Well, sure. Tools
are, are a part of
it. And I think for
my family, it's very simple.
We just bought a new
house. And one of the
things that we had as
part of our move in
for that new house is
we had a painter come
in and actually paint an
entire wall of our kitchen
as a magnetic whiteboard. So
that's our tool and that'll
be the tool in the,
in the new house going
forward. We've always had some
kind of board like that
near our dining room table.
And the reason we choose
to put it near the
table is because that's where
we come together as a
family. And so it's that
information, radiator thing that we've
learned from agile practices that
says, if I can see
it, then we talk about
it. And if we talk
about it, then we do
something about it. And so
we try and keep information
omnipresent as we get when
we get together naturally over
dinner and stuff. And that
that's been very helpful. I,
I think you could go
a lot of different ways
with applying practices like these.
First of all, I don't
think that work in home
are the same. They're definitely
not. Firstly, you can't Are
anybody at home, Not an
option, no one gets voted
off the Island. And that
turns out to be incredibly
big difference. Another big difference
is that much of the
work that we asked that
we ask kids to do
is often wrote or repetitive
and boring, clean your room
is simply not creative work.
Right? But then again, oftentimes
neither is tweaking the server
configuration settings so that, you
know, performance goes up, but
it's something that has to
be done. So those are
just little tasks sorts of
things. And what we've learned
is that different kids respond
to different artifacts or different
tools for that rote work.
Some kids really like a
little card that they're going
to move back and forth.
Some kids really like a
checklist. And it's important for
us to give the kid
a whatever tool they're most
comfortable with, but also to
hold the kids accountable collectively
for things getting done. So
there are two types of
work that sort of chore
work. That's where most people
focus, they think about chores.
How do I get my
kid to do those things?
So again, checklists there, but
that's not really the secret
sauce of this. You know,
the ability to get everyone
to focus and get their
chores done is great. But
how much better is it
when we start doing things
like asking the kids to
peer review, each other's work
that starts to change the
dynamic a little bit because
a kid will come back
and say, you know, Hey,
wipe the bathroom down. Or
I put the dishes away
or I cleaned the kitchen
and the response is great.
Let me go check it
because I happen to know
that this kid will often,
you know, leave some work
undone, that sort of thing.
And so instead, what if
I just have a, what
if I ask one of
the other kids, Hey, can
you go check so-and-so's work?
And that starts to build
collective accountability and little things
like that. And borrowing from
our management practices have really
helped the kids start to
stand on their own a
bit more. I think, you
know, this got about my
family. You and I have
discussed this at one point.
I have some kids on
the autistic spectrum and this
practice of the weekly cadence
and the dependable, or the
fact that they can depend
on a way for us
to have a conversation about
us has really made a
big difference in their lives
because they now feel more
in control and empowered in
their own lives. So that's
been really great. So that,
that reliability, that the idea
that, that we can count
on the weekly meeting, you
can count on the strategy.
You can count on the
plan and then execute on
the indeed. Yeah. And you
know, it sounds, it may
sound extreme, but the first
thing to consider is all
we're really doing is we're
putting things on the refrigerator
like everybody has done, you
know, for Ian's, here's your
chore list. That's the easy
stuff. The next stuff is,
what can we accomplish together
as a family each week
in our family, we choose
to set a goal and
it might be in, it's
just some sort of improvement
goal that we as a
family can undertake. And it's
simple things. It's things like
we will endeavor this week
to have better table manners.
And so that's an opportunity
for us to learn about
what table manners really means.
And we will have that
conversation throughout the week. And
then in our weekly meeting
where we say, how did
we do this week, we'll
specifically visit that goal. How
did we do on the
goal this week of learning
better table manners? And we'll
talk about that. And sometimes
we'll choose to try it
for another week. And that
has been a really nice
tool for helping us improve
together as a family, rather
than focusing on individual accomplishments.
Because while everybody has these
things in their lives that
they have to accomplish, like
a history report is due,
or I have to go
to track practice, or I'm
working towards some other goal
in life. The thing that
we have in common is
us and it's, it's good
and effective for us to
focus on improving us. So
that's why I say the
product is the family. What
is the product backlog? Then
The product backlog is for
us that that set of
chores, which, you know, that's
the easy part again. But
every day we have this
expectation that a bucket of
chores is going to be
completed. And so that's done.
But then we start looking
at things beyond that, the,
the goal that we just
talked about or something for
us to work on this
week, the weekly goal, that's
a big part of what
it means for us to
focus together. So we have
a backlog of potential weekly
family goals, and we might
choose to for a given
week, but we also in
that backlog have things that
we have to accomplish together
that are more non-deterministic. You
could call it even more
creative style work. So some
things might be, we are
going to volunteer this weekend
at something, and we need
to prepare for that. I
mentioned that my family and
I had just bought a
new house. Well, we have
to move. And so that's,
that's a project. So we
built a backlog and it
turns out that kids rooms
are, are a smaller and
have fewer things in them
than a lot of the
other rooms in the house.
So we have to do
this together. This is not
something that just affects one
person. So moving was a
really good example. I think,
of a shared project. Where
do you put this backlog?
I mean, how far do
you take it? I could
see someone, you know, building,
you know, using scrum tools
and building out a backlog.
And is the backlog just
post us, like you said,
or magnets on the fridge,
or do you use tools
like Trello or different Kanban
boards? So I'm sure like
you, I have tried for
years to get folks in
my family. Okay. Particularly my
wife to work with me
on, on systems like Trello
or a sauna, or it
just doesn't work. She's, she's
a very analog person and
that's perfectly fine. So we
do everything on a whiteboard
and we just have a
list. That's all, it's not
very complicated, but I will
tell you that it has
helped a lot for the
kids to evolve what the
form is of those tools
over the years. So if
a kid has an idea
that if we're going to,
that will do better. If
we, if we use sticky
notes, instead of just making
a list on the whiteboard,
then let them do it.
That means that they're engaged
in the process, invite them
to change what we do.
The only hard and fast
tenants of what we do
in our family is we're
going to meet every week.
We're going to have that
shared family goal. We have
baseline expectations of daily operations,
like chores, et cetera. But
within those boundaries, feel free
to innovate and help us
evolve and innovate differently than
the way we're doing business
today. And the kids love
that When, when companies, companies
have values and they have
things that they just kind
of stand for, that's kind
of the more woo kind
of philosophical stuff. Sure. How
do you take things like
that that are, you know,
philosophical is the word I
keep coming back to, although
I don't think it's the
correct word. And how do
you bring that into the,
the, the daily, the daily
goals and the larger goals?
Well, we talk about it
a lot. That's one thing.
And so what are some
of those things we talk
about reflecting on the work
we do and on how
we do it. We actually
talk about that at home.
And I asked the kids,
how did you do this
week at school? What did
you get done? And we
have very focused conversations where
we inspect and then make
a plan or adapt for
what are we going to
do next? And then we
try really hard, Scott. This
is the one thing that
I think eludes us even
to this day is trying
to succeed or fail as
a team. And that's easy
enough to do that when
you're looking at the family
goal and something like table
manners, or, you know, taking
care of the yard this
week, it's easy enough to
see there. But over time,
the real truth is that
we are all living different
lives. And so group accountability
for the family is sometimes
a difficult thing to find.
And we try my wife
and I really hard to
find ways to hold us
accountable as a group. So
that's, that's something that we
talk about a lot and
we have it on our
whiteboard. We have a, we
haven't written out there, we
succeed together. We reflect on
our work and how we
do it. Some other things
that you'll, you might find
at any given time on
the big, you know, family
headquarters board in our kitchen
area is adapt all the
time. I can change the
process if I want those
sorts of things that we
put up there occasionally just
to remind kids that they
really are in a control
seat on how we do
our business. Do, when you
say accountable, where does that
fit into punishment? Like, there
are things where, Hey, I
didn't clean my room and
that's a bummer. And then
there are larger, like you
were given this task and
this was required for you
to get this done and
this didn't get done. And
that is a huge problem.
Yeah. Well, it turns out
that what works at work
works because it works not
because you're at work, you
know, and You had that
one ready to go, didn't
ya? I did. I did.
I've been holding onto that.
It's one of my favorites,
but that's really true because
we have found that, you
know, the practices that work
best in team environments work
because we're all human. Right.
And so it turns out
that a big part of
accountability is simply transparency. If
a kid commits to action
or behavior for a 24
hour period. And I shouldn't
say a kid by the
way, because my kids do
a good job of holding
me accountable. So if I
make a commitment that I
am going to go to
the gym in the next
24 hours and then 24
hours from now, we get
together in a quick little
family huddle, which we haven't
talked about. It's something we
try to do on a
fairly daily basis. And the
kids will look at my,
my little section of the
board. And I've, I've written
that commitment down. When I
go to the gym, they'll
say, daddy, did you go
to the gym? And if
I didn't, then everybody in
the family knows it. And
the truth of the matter
is that that's typically enough.
It doesn't have to be
punitive because if it's punitive
and then we're talking about
extrinsic motivators and the extrinsic
motivators, you gotta use them
a lot of times, particularly
when kids are in their
teen years, you know, carrot
and stick stuff. Can we,
can we, can we talk
a little bit about that?
Because I don't know if
everyone understands that word. Sure.
Sorry. So if I'm intrinsically
motivated to do something, it's
just part of who I
am. In my core, I
am intrinsically motivated to, you
know, be a good dad
to be a software professional,
things like that. External motivations
are things that give me
a reward for a given
behavior. Nobody's going to pay
me to sit down and
watch or learn a new
technology necessarily. And so that
is something I do for
my own intrinsic motivation. But
if I have to learn
technology that I don't like,
because that's what it's going
to take to get my
job done. My extrinsic motivator
there is, Hey man, I'm
gonna lose my paycheck. If
I don't learn how to
do this thing, whatever it
may be. So intrinsic extrinsic
simply means, am I motivated
from internally? Or is there
something external to me that's
sort of holding my nose
to the grindstone. I see.
And it turns out that
you're going to get far
better performance from internally or
intrinsically motivated people. And it's,
that's the secret sauce in
all of this, whether you're
at work or whether you're
at home is finding a
way to intrinsically or help
with intrinsic motivation and people.
And man, Scott, it's so
much harder in kids than
adults, but that really is
our job, right? As parents
is to try and help
them want to improve and
help them improve because they
see the importance of it
in life. And I think
that that's made a great
translation or transition from the
workspace into our house. Yeah.
My kids are a little
younger. Of course my kids
are six and eight, but
we've been really working on
this idea of, of intrinsic
motivation. Like, you know, do
this because it's the right
thing to do. My wife
has started using our last
name. Like, you know, we
do this because we're Hanselman
like this sense of, of
family pride, which is funny
because it wasn't her original
last name, but she's really
like taking that as a
call to arms and a
cause what's happening is you're
getting to the age now
where they're noticing other kids
doing stuff that's not, not
cool. Right. And we're trying
to nip that hole, but
so-and-so does it, you know,
thing in the bud and
by, by trying to get
them some sense of family
pride or, you know, would
it be family pride or
cultural pride or Oregonians or,
you know, whatever we can
use. We're a tribe, man.
It's, it's, we're a tribe,
right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Look,
it's like, you want them
to think about the greater
good and you want them
to think about the world,
but they're six and eight.
Right. You know, their, their
priorities are pretty minimal. Like
right now, if they can
get the next great action
figure, that is going to
be enough motivation for them.
So we can't get them
thinking about the greater good
when they really don't know
what's outside their neighborhood, but
we can get them thinking
about, you know, this is
not okay because of, because
it's not okay with me,
even though it might be
okay for other people. It's
funny. They, they, they really
concerned about smoking right now.
None of us smoke, no
one we know smokes, but
they know it's bad. So
the six year old was
walking at the mall and
we saw someone who's smoking
outside and we passed him
and he goes, That guy
is smoking Because I think
a guy hurt him and
the mall hurt him. And
it's just like, Oh, well.
And so then it's like,
well, how do you explain
to them that personal, you
know, you have personal freedom,
even though we, we choose
not to do it. So
you don't want to be
judgmental, but at the same
time, you gotta keep the
eye on the prize. I
totally get that. Yeah. And
I think that that summarizes
exactly our challenges, parents is
helping our kids understand that
we do a lot of
things we do just because
it's the right thing to
do. And yeah, that's, that's
the whole nut of intrinsic
motivation. I agree. Yep. Absolutely.
I've tried to get my
wife using Trello for some
of these things, but she
has decided that it is
not intuitive. So that's why
as far as I've gotten
with that, I like the
idea of formalizing a family
meeting. We do have, we
do have dinner together every
night, which is useful. And
we also use driving in
the car as a time
to check. She calls it,
checking in. It's like, all
right, let's just check in.
So that's our, that's our
scrum. It's basically, you know,
every other day, whenever we
find ourselves in the car
for more than 10 or
20 minutes, is yours a
formal, like it's time for
the family meeting. We actually
do similar things now. And
that's an experimentation that we've
been doing. So it has
been far more formal over
the years. And recently we've
had just a lot of
turmoil because as our kids
have gotten older, they're all
into various activities, sports plays
after school, that sort of
thing. And so like you,
we've always tried very hard
to have dinner together as
a family. That's a tenant
in our life. And we
use that time now to,
as you said, sort of
check in, but visit the
activities of the week or
the commitments that we've made
for the week. And so
that's why we put those
information radiators or that board
with all of our information
on it, near the dinner
table so that we can
have that conversation really easily.
As we sit there and
have a relaxing meal together.
I'm going to take you
off into a direction though.
Cause you just said something
that you, you have a
lot of great information, but
sometimes guests have words or
phrases or acronyms that they
throw out because that's part
of their life. But the
rest of us don't get
them. You just said information
radiators. That's a great term.
Yeah, it's, it's good. It's
a term that we also
borrow from the agile community.
And it is simply the
notion that if I put
something large, invisible in a
shared space where we can
all see it, and that
thing changes to show different
information under different circumstances, we
will pay attention to it.
And if we begin to
pay attention to it, we
will then change our behavior
to game that thing, which
might be as simple as
a, you know, the continuous
integration build lava lamp that
goes on when my build
fails, that's a perfect right.
I have the thing called
the siren of shame. You
can buy the, you know,
so, so an information radiator,
would that be like a,
at my wife and I
recently got Fitbits that is
radiating information telling me that
I am not being physically
active enough. I don't think
so. Actually I think that's
more of a sensor. I
think if what you did
is you hooked that sensor
into some system that, you
know, put a large screen
TV on your living room
wall, and everybody could see
what Scott was walking that
day or your step counts
thus far today. Now you're
talking about radiating information to,
you know, the, the ether
in our home or in
our office. And now everybody
sees that and we might
choose to behave differently because
of that information. So when
you think about scrum teams,
they have those, those boards,
right. That they put on
the wall then, and often
you'll see columns like to
do doing done. Those are
information radiators. I see. So
the idea is that it
has to be, everyone has
to see it. It has
to be an organizational value
and everyone sees it and
everyone can kind of imply
either they're there. They can
give their, their judgment in
the sense of like he
didn't, he didn't get that
project done. I can see
the burn down, but at
the same time, offer help,
like, Oh, I can see
that you're having trouble with
the build failing. And I
can come in with collective
ownership and assist on that.
Indeed. That's exactly right. And
it's funny you bring up
information radiators. You're keyed on
that because it's a big
part of why I started
getting into this agile conversation
in the first place. I
was at an organization where
we were shipping 300 known
defects in our flagship software.
And over the course of
18 months, we got to
zero known shipping defects. The,
we did that is that
I wired up a lava
lamp because I happen to
live like lava lamps apparently
to our bug tracking system.
And anytime we started every
sprint, we would start our
sprint with the light on
and you had to fix
bugs until the light went
off and then you could
build new features. And I
simply would lower the tolerance
of defects a little bit
every week. And that information
radiator let everyone know that
it was either time to
fix bugs or time to
work on new features. And
it changed everything about our
team dynamic and it all
stemmed from that and seeing
the power of such a
simple concept. Interesting. So just,
just the, the, it wasn't
in your way, trying to
say it wasn't in your
face in the sense of
it. Wasn't a mandate. There
we go. This is not
a mandate to change behavior.
It's a gentle nudge in
a direction by simply presenting
information in a way, and
then allowing people to make
their own judgements and then
change their behavior Because it
turns out that if you
have well meaning engaged folks
and they see that information
in front of them, they'll
do something about it. Very,
very cool. Have you written
some of this up about
applying agile practices of the
family, or can people look
at your website and learn
more about this on your
blog? So this has been
a bizarre thing because what
started as something of a,
I mean, it's just something
we do in my family.
It's never really been big
drama. And I published an,
I triple a paper about
this in 2009 and it
received some, some interesting attention.
I received a call one
day from many Bruce filer
who turns out to be
a New York times author and
some folks on the show
or some listeners I'm sure
have heard of him. He
came and ended up visiting
my home. He stayed with
my family for a week
and sort of watched our
activities. And we're the first
chapter in his book called
the secrets of happy families.
It's all about how we
do this stuff. And that
had that, that created even
more interest in this thing
that the stars were doing.
So I started getting email
from all over the world,
people asking little questions about
it. And accordingly I said,
you know, I need to
take a little time, put
this into some kind of
course or something that people
can approach and get it
out there. And that way
I can go back to
my real job. And so
I happened to be a
Pluralsight author and they were
interested enough to let me
do this. I built a
course called I think it's
agile for families on pluralsight.com.
If you go to family
V next.com, you'll get there
Family. V-necks like version next.
That's correct. That is a
great URL family V next
to own it in a
redirect right to the Pluralsight.
So if you have a
plural site subscription, you can
get a trial and you
can check that out up
there. Agile families, techniques for
living with change looks like
it's about a three hour
course and it's five star
course. Very cool. And actually,
if you do have a
Pluralsight, you can also take
a look at my stuff
on getting involved in tech.
So good opportunity to sign
up for a free Pluralsight
trial today. Hey, Andy and
I was really excited because
my wife chose to do
this with me. And so
it, this is not for
geeks and geeks, I think
are, are particularly enamored of
things like this, but this
was done in such a
way that would help you
Scott convince your wife that
we're not crazy. I brought
my wife into the course.
She plays an active part
and she's actually gone out
and done some talks and,
and is definitely an advocate
for these sorts of things.
That's very cool. I had
an article on my blog
recently and I, I referred
to the gender nonspecific nontechnical
spouse, right? And I haven't
got a, a shorter word
for it, but this is,
this is just that person
in your life who is
your partner, but is not
technical. And we call them
neurotypicals around the star house
typicals. Nice. Those are people.
Those are people who are
afraid of keyboards normies, right?
No army. Very cool. Well,
thank you so much, David
Starr for chatting with me
today. Been lovely. Thanks, Scott.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes and we'll
see you again next week.
.